hello everyone it's be scape and welcome
back to meme speedruns as promised I
said I would do a part two if the first
video did well and it seemed like you
guys liked it I have some good
selections for today's video which
ranged from a run with a world record
time of 48 hours to a run that currently
has an ongoing tournament let's get
started and I hope you all enjoy first
off we have [__] % from Sponge Bob
Squarepants battle for bikini bottom
so Sponge Bob works hard he has to fight
off an entire robot infestation and save
Bikini Bottom with the help of Sandy and
Patrick for someone that fights the good
fight 24/7 it's surprising that he never
has to use the restroom
well in this speedrun we can help him to
relieve himself by getting him to a
porta potty in a little over a minute
using some cheats and glitches but wait
why don't we just got him to the
restroom in his house well for one he
doesn't have a door so we cannot
accurately time this run and also his
toilets clogged
so get scammed idiot the beginning of
the run requires you to do 68 inputs as
fast as possible to unlock 50 golden
spatulas the bubble bowl and cruise
bubble power-ups and four cruise bubble
to have cruise control with this speed
runners will now have access to kelp
forest which is where the porta potti is
located and will also allow for faster
navigation because of cruise boosting
the primary speed tech in the game the
first trick that's performed uses a
glitch called sponge glide which allows
speedrunners to skip the first two boss
fights and reach kelp forest in a timely
manner because you know spongebob has to
go he can hardly wait any longer
so once inside the level the spongebob
no-pants cheat is activated that's right
we get nipple action in Super Mario
Odyssey and spongebob crack action in
this game from here find the porta potti
and timing ends when the door is closed
the current world record is 1 minute and
17 seconds by JB HJ next up is a
category literally called mean percent
and it comes from a little game called
getting over it with Bennett fatty so
the goal of this run is not even to
complete the game just to have the
longest run possible these are the
official rules at least 50% of the runs
video must be getting over it the
runtime is based on how long your video
upload is otherwise there are no other
rules upload whatever you want as long
as it has 50% getting over it as you can
see the leaderboards took on this
challenge
the fastest times are the lowest-ranking
times and the lowest one is literally 10
milliseconds long it's basically just a
frame of the game's title screen when we
look at the world record which again
would be the longest time in the
category we have the champion time of 48
hours in two seconds I emailed you when
viewing the run we do in fact have at
least 50% of getting over it
but we also have some game where it
looks like a tree is growing then after
some time we see a message your tree is
dead mr. beast will be so upset oh sorry
wrong picture the rest of the run is of
other games being played and anime girls
unscreened
so if you'd like to break this record
you could probably play this game for 25
hours straight then play dance till
you're dead for 24 hours and while
that's playing you sleep leave the
recording on and once you hit 49 hours
congratulations you got a world record
before we continue on I need to talk
about today's sponsor which is Ridge I
did recently become a father
so sponsors such as Ridge helping
financially supporting my family they
sell products such as backpacks phone
cases and their flagship product the
ridge wallet the ridge is a sleek design
with two metal plates bound together by
a durable elastic band it's designed to
help you carry less but always have what
you need there are dozens of colors to
choose from and there are titanium
carbon fiber and aluminum options to
ensure there's an option for everyone
it has 30,000 five-star reviews and
there's a lifetime warranty if you love
it and free returns if you don't i've
personally made the switch from a
leather bifold to a ridge and it's way
more convenient you can get 10% off
today with free worldwide shipping and
returns by going to ridge comm slash
easy scape that's ridge comm slash easy
scape and use code easy scape a link
will be in the description if you
thought the previous run was amazing how
about a 25 hour speed run where there's
only about a few hours of actual
gameplay this is the Legend of Zelda
Twilight Princess lo percent low percent
exists for many games the objective is
to simply beat the game while gaining as
few items or collectibles as possible
but those runs don't take a full day to
complete so what's the deal on Twilight
Princess well there's a neat little
trick called the pick up slide and it
allows for a link to travel through most
walls as long as there is ground beneath
them but because the speed of link is so
slow it can take hours of the
running to just get through a relatively
thin gate or wall to execute a pickup
slide link is required to collect
something that has the animation where
link turns around to show the player the
item this can be achieved by rolling
into a rupee picking up a rupee with a
boomerang or opening a chest
the reason this trick works is due to
the fact that during the animation of
showing the player the item link sways
back and forth slightly however there
appears to be a missing frame that would
otherwise make the animation a perfect
loop because of the missing frame every
cycle link moves a small amount in some
direction this is pretty much the only
category where pick up slide is used and
it allows for skipping things such as
all four pose in arbiters grounds or
clipping through a wall at the start of
sacred grove that normally requires wolf
link to hallowed the stone for there are
only two times on the leaderboards with
on Arrakis holding the world record with
a time of 25 hours 23 minutes and 34
seconds so this next speedrun is
probably the peak of meme speedruns it
comes from the sims 4 and it's literally
called child protection services oh
what's the objective you might ask well
you get pregnant have a baby and have it
taken away the crazy thing is that this
whole process only takes less than 5
minutes and there's an entire outline
for the current meta I'll condense it
for the sake of simplicity and it goes
something like this the strategy used is
to first buy a house without stairs as
walking on a flat surface will save time
you rest in bed until a male neighbor
arrives to welcome you to the
neighborhood
then you build a relationship by
flirting with him which eventually leads
to fornicating in the bed during
pregnancy you pretty much sleep all day
and all night and use the potty as
needed after the baby is born you
quickly randomized a first name and get
into bed again by sleeping all day and
all night
child protection services will appear
because the baby is being neglected I
should mention that this entire process
is also aided by four times super speed
which occurs when your sim is in an
inactive state such as sleeping or
working so keeping them like this for as
long as possible is important also what
the actual hell look at how many runs
are on the leaderboards that's so many
babies that were taken away currently
the world record is held by mama phone
with a time of 4 minutes and 47 seconds
next up we have a speedrun of portal but
we're not going to shoot any portals the
way we're going to beat this game is by
using the airboat command from half-life
2 to help clip through walls yes that's
right this is airboat % this run first
originated from 0 9 7 Ace of Spades in
which he completed it in a little over
52 minutes to quote his reddit post CH
create airboat is not an SV cheats
protected command so people joked about
using an airboat to skip the vaults in
the beginning for a while I decided to
take that one step further and try and
beat the entire game using airboats and
then I decided to go one step further
than that and do it without ever picking
up the portal gun the rules for this
category are simple it's the same rules
as portal out-of-bounds except that it
allows the use of CH to create airboats
and doesn't allow picking up the portal
gun or the portal gun upgrade there's
lots of cool things I found you can do
with airboats and the speed run is
actually very fun I will hopefully be
able to optimize this a lot more and
find some lineups for the more difficult
clips but for now this is good enough
for me and this run was definitely
optimized further the current world
record is a time of 16 minutes and 29
seconds by forgiving my favorite part of
the run would have to be in this section
right here where a ton of airboats are
spawned in order to reach higher
platforms this is honestly the most
creative way to beat portal as far as I
know here we have all doorbells from the
simpsons hit and run where the goal is
to go around and ding-dong-ditch people
you must ring all 15 doorbells in the
game and the levels that their president
must be done in order which is one
through seven skipping six because no
doorbells are present there
there is no returning to previous levels
and the unlock all missions cheat code
is allowed because let's face it this
run would be over an hour long if the
code was not allowed there would be too
much of a meme as for the movement
strategies of the run check out this
jump off of a fire truck by turning very
precisely midair and landing into a tree
you somehow managed to stay alive and
line yourself up perfectly with the
first doorbell or when you get to play
as Marge all you have to do is simply
run next door and dingdong Flanders of
course out of all the doorbells in the
game he would have the easiest one most
of the run comes down to sheer execution
and the small RNG with the traffic cars
in the BART one and lisa levels you can
despawn traffic by flicking your camera
which is actually used a lot in full
game speedruns since most of the time is
spent driving it helps to de-spawn
vehicles that have weird positioning all
in all it's a pretty dank speedrun and
although the leaderboards don't show it
there is actually a three-way tie for
world record which is a time of 5
minutes and 24 seconds by Gib stack ask
JT and liquid Wi-Fi in 2005 one of the
greatest flash games of all time was
released it's on you betcha fruit it
also has one of the greatest moderation
teams on speedrun.com because although
he's been offline on the website for
four years
guess who helps moderate it none other
than the man himself the runs main
category is glitchless uneasy difficulty
and it's less than a minute long from a
casual standpoint the game has literally
connect the dots but I talked with SM
loader who is sort of the poster boy for
this game and he shared that this game
actually has all sorts of rng behind it
although the majority of the run is who
can connect the fruit the fastest the
monkeys color and what they say
contribute to saving and losing time he
showed me this RNG timetable which was
compiled by breaking down the game's
code the red monkey is fastest for
bananas and the blue monkey is fastest
four limes as an example so if you were
to get bananas as the blue monkey that's
an automatic reset huh no wonder why
Clint moderate this game he knows all
about resets there are eight possible
phrases that the monkeys say with each
having four unique ones for example if
we're the red monkey and they say nice
swinging that's almost a full second
time loss having them say excellent
would be the biggest time safe as for
the blue monkey the biggest time save is
for them to say great job and the
biggest time loss would be if who was
said
however these don't make a huge
difference compared to the red monkey
the god run would be perfect execution
in conjunction with the best monkey
fruit phrase combinations
unfortunately SM loader no longer holds
the world record that would be currently
held by birches with a time of 50
seconds and 800 30 milliseconds but
nothing will ever beat this wholesome
pop off
yes 52.6 1 next up is a speedrun that's
a 1 in 23 chance of completion it's
called camel top percent from old school
runescape the objective in this run is
to complete tutorial island as fast as
possible and then hope for the drill
demon random event which is one of 23
random events that can appear a camo top
will always be the first piece of
equipment you earn as a result of
completing the event hence where the
category gets its name as of right now
there are no longer consistent random
event spawns when you arrive in
Lumbridge sometime in late 2018 the
mechanic to spawn them consistently was
removed when they overhauled tutorial
island how it worked before the patch
was a new account would always get a
random event on their first 5-minute
interval off of the island since random
events can't spawn on the island so if
you got off the island in 3 minutes then
it would spawn at 5 minutes if you got
off in 6 minutes
it would spawn at 10 minutes and so on
since the timer for the category starts
when exiting character creation and not
logging in you would wait for the next
spawn to line up as close as your
projected time to get off the island
because the first five minutes spawn is
now no longer forcible and completely
random again this makes the speedrun a
lot more RNG based and a lot more
difficult to get a world record who
would imagine a run like this would be
this technical so yeah all you do in the
drill demon events is physical training
such as push-ups sit-ups etc which can
be performed by clicking on the correct
mats that correspond to sergeant
Damien's calls once you've completed
time ends and congratulations
you now have a time in the greatest
runescape speedrun of all time the
current world record is 5 minutes and 19
seconds by AEIOU at some point or
another you've probably played Wii
Sports if you've ever owned a weave I
mean it's the fourth most sold video
game of all time and the most sold Wii
game of all time what you might not be
familiar with are some of the gems that
exist on the leaderboards I could
totally make a video covering 10 meme
runs from Wii Sports alone but the
category that I've selected today is
golf give up percent the speed room
where you get the worst possible score
in the game of golf on a nine-hole
course this equates to a score of plus
72 and once the score is reached the
texts give up will flash on the screen
and the run is over throughout each hole
your objective is to simply swing
towards the out of bound
plane or into water and this is to get
as many penalty strokes as possible
however it's not as simple as just
holding left or right and then swinging
with max power that would be too easy
this speedrun actually has super
optimized strategies and for a long time
it was thought that this category was
dead
but then even bigger optimizations were
found specifically on holes 1 3 and 7 on
hole 3 the old strategy was to scroll
over 90 degrees to the right and then
hit a driver into the out-of-bounds
plane 7 times the new strategy is to
scroll a bit left use an iron with one
doubt of power and then do putts into
the out-of-bounds this saves 5 seconds
and this newly implemented strategy is
where we'd see a new world record in a
sick pop off on hole 7 the old strategy
was to scroll 90 degrees to the left and
hit drivers towards out-of-bounds then
repeat this four more times into a small
putt the new strategy is to aim almost
at the hole use a driver with one doubt
of power and then put into the
out-of-bounds this saves 4 seconds
lastly on the first hole the old
strategy was to do a short putt scroll
about 80 degrees to the left hit a
driver into the out-of-bounds and to
repeat this for each subsequent stroke
the new strategy is to scroll almost
backwards use an iron with one doubt of
power and then slam the rest of the
shots off of a tree and backwards into
the out-of-bounds this also saves four
seconds as no turning is required after
the first shot I gotta say for a meme
run this is some amazing dedication the
current world record is 6 minutes and 11
seconds by Sir Tyler and this run is
actually faster than half of the regular
nine hole golf speedruns on the main
leaderboards the last entry for today is
all signs from super mario 64 this run
has slowly become one of the hottest
speedruns of 2020 and it's led by none
other than Big Daddy simply with a world
record time of 26 minutes and 26 seconds
at the time of this video now this
category has existed for nearly two
years it wasn't until recently that it
got some new traction
the goal is self-explanatory read every
sign in the game and timing ends upon
closing the textbox on the final sign
there are 91 total signs in the game and
are located in almost every single level
the purpose they service for new players
to read up on possible hints in each
level however there are many top runners
that never even read the signs until
they ran this category
nothing crazy is done during the
speedrun it's all about optimizing your
sign reading to start collecting ratio
the speed tech known as SB LJ is banned
but all other forms of blj and MIPS clip
are allowed so you don't even have to be
a top sm64 speed runner to get a decent
time in this category
I mentioned the beginning of the video
of a speedrun with an ongoing tournament
and this is the one on February 22nd
simply announced a 16-man bracket all
science tournaments and matches have
already started as of March 11th it will
run until May 1st which is the date of
the grand finals if you'd like to stay
up to date I'll have a link to the
bracket in the description good luck to
all competitors if you enjoyed today's
video remember to leave a like on it
it's the best way to show support there
are still dozens of meme runs out there
so if you'd like to see a part 3 then
let me know the fact that the first
video got over 1 million views and over
40,000 likes is still mind-boggling to
me so again thank you all for that I've
also posted a new video over on my
channel if you'd like to check it out
I'll have my youtube linked in the
description anyways that's going to be
it from me today subscribe to the
channel for more speedrunning related
content and I hope you all have a
wonderful day
[Music]